# GithubRating

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.x.

## Technical Considerations
While using Angular might seem overkill for a project such as this I decided to use it on the basis that everything is already built-in; the HttpClient makes consuming services relatively straight forward and combined with RxJS makes consuming date streams ideal.

Using Typescript to generate a partial Github model response to be consumed by the app also helped me reduce the overall complexity of my model. I am aware I could have gotten the GitHub API schema and convert it to TypeScript through json-schema-to-typescript or simular which would have made things even easier but for the purpose of this demo it didn't seem worth the time.

Angular CLI schematics allow me to use SASS instead of CSS which really helped in avoiding CSS repetition. And even though this is a fairly simple project I like to keep my SASS partials and (S)CSS folder/file structure separate which makes handling complex sites easier. I decided on using BEM for my naming methodology although I only have one component.

I could have created more components, i.e, a results table component, and a commit table modal, but for this exercise it seemed to further increase complexity by adding Angular Input/Outputs to pass the data around.

I tried to use TsDoc where applicable; at least in my dataService.

There are spec files but those are auto generated by Angular CLI, I didn't consider adding tests relevant to this take home exercise.

## How to install
* Clone the repo at https://github.com/Reita/GithubRating
* yarn install
* Start the development server by running `ng serve` from the CLI.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

